hi I'm Cristen Corrie I'm a personal
chef we are going to broil salmon in the
oven today I have two nice fillets here
on a foil lined sheet pan I also have my
oven already preheated to broil we're
going to broil these for a little while
in the oven first and then we're going
to add a crispy topping at the very end
so first and drizzle just a little bit
of olive oil and then season it little
salt and a little pepper then it goes in
the oven while it's broiling we're going
to make the crispy crust I have about
three quarters of a cup of panko bread
crumbs and a baggie full of some
high-quality thicker cut potato chips
these are the kelipot I'm just going to
crush these up it's gonna add a nice
crisp scrips crispness to our salmon and
we're going to add that to our panko
with a little bit of dill you can use
dried or fresh I'm going to mix that up
and after a few minutes we'll add this
to our salmon so after about seven
minutes under the broiler they look like
this or they're pretty much done now
we're going to add the topping got some
tangy Dijon mustard that we simply
spread on top
then we're going to add our crispy
topping of panko and potato chips and
dill then we pop them back in the
broiler just for a minute or two alright
that took just about a minute Wow those
look fabulous nice and crispy on the top
Oh beautiful beautiful gorgeous salmon
and so easy that's how you broil salmon
in the oven